README.md, before:


# 👿 Scammer Revenge

Tools that spam a scammer's Telegram bot to make it rate limited.

## ⚙️ Installation

### 🤖 Automatic

If you're on Windows, just download and run `scammer-revenge-X.X-windows.exe` [here](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/releases/latest).

![Screenshot of "scammer-revenge-1.0-windows.exe](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/assets/106996695/99975e6c-f4f3-44de-a2c1-67737439ce17)

### 🦽 Manual

1. First of all, you need to [download and install Python](https://python.org/downloads).

![Screenshot of Python Downloads page.](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/assets/106996695/2f118958-ba70-4198-8af8-acfcf4acba15)

2. Install the required dependency.
```
pip install requests
```

3. Download and extract the latest `scammer-revenge-v.X.X.zip` [here](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/releases/latest).

![Screenshot of Scammer Revenge releases page.](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/assets/106996695/10c37635-880d-466f-8941-e5f1c8aad273)

4. Run `main.py`.
```
python main.py
```

## 💡 Usage
When you're running this tool for the first time, it will ask you for a token and Chat ID like this:
```
Configuration file not found. Please provide the following:
Enter your Telegram bot token:
Enter the chat ID of the scammer: 
```

Enter a message that you want to send to the scammer, then this tool will spam the scammer's Telegram bot.

## ❓ FAQ

* **Q:** What do you mean by 'scammer'?
  
**A:** There is a scammer that spreads an APK that will forward all SMS and notification to the scammer using Telegram bot. This tool will rate limit the Telegram bot, so the scammer can't receive victim SMS and notification.

* **Q:** How do I get the token?
  
**A:** You will need to reverse-engineer scammer's APK virus to obtain the token.

## 📄 License

This tool is lisenced under [Apache License 2.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0/).

Commit message:

Add a link to obtain_token.md

README.md, after:


# 👿 Scammer Revenge

Tools that spam a scammer's Telegram bot to make it rate limited.

## 🔑 Obtaining the token

[Here's](obtain_token.md) the full guide to obtain the scammer's token.

## ⚙️ Installation

### 🤖 Automatic

If you're on Windows, just download and run `scammer-revenge-X.X-windows.exe` [here](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/releases/latest).

![Screenshot of "scammer-revenge-1.0-windows.exe](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/assets/106996695/99975e6c-f4f3-44de-a2c1-67737439ce17)

### 🦽 Manual

1. First of all, you need to [download and install Python](https://python.org/downloads).

![Screenshot of Python Downloads page.](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/assets/106996695/2f118958-ba70-4198-8af8-acfcf4acba15)

2. Install the required dependency.
```
pip install requests
```

3. Download and extract the latest `scammer-revenge-v.X.X.zip` [here](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/releases/latest).

![Screenshot of Scammer Revenge releases page.](https://github.com/Fluntyy/scammer-revenge/assets/106996695/10c37635-880d-466f-8941-e5f1c8aad273)

4. Run `main.py`.
```
python main.py
```

## 💡 Usage
When you're running this tool for the first time, it will ask you for a token and Chat ID like this:
```
Configuration file not found. Please provide the following:
Enter your Telegram bot token:
Enter the chat ID of the scammer: 
```

Enter a message that you want to send to the scammer, then this tool will spam the scammer's Telegram bot.

## ❓ FAQ

* **Q:** What do you mean by 'scammer'?
  
**A:** There is a scammer that spreads an APK that will forward all SMS and notification to the scammer using Telegram bot. This tool will rate limit the Telegram bot, so the scammer can't receive victim SMS and notification.

* **Q:** How do I get the token?
  
**A:** You will need to reverse-engineer scammer's APK virus to obtain the token.

## 📄 License

This tool is lisenced under [Apache License 2.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0/).
